Added Readme to Lighting App and Provisioning guide (#187)
ARMmbed/connectedhomeip: examples/lighting-app/mbed/README.md

# CHIP ARM-MbedOS  Lighting Example Application

The ARM-MbedOS Lighting Example demonstrates how to remotely control  a white
dimmable light source. It uses various input primitives to test changing  the lighting and device

> states and LED to show the state of lighting device. Depending on target device also linear  touchpad "slider" is available so light can also be dimmed via PWM output instead of simple ON/OFF toggling. 

Reviewer: The sentence is convoluted. It can be simplified: 

The example takes advantage of the IO available on board: A buttons press turn the light on or off. Intensity can be displayed and changed depending on the target IO (PWM output, capacitive slider).

Author: Done

using the following command:

        $ git submodule update --init

Building the example application requires the use of **ARM Mbed-OS** sources 
and **arm-none-gnu-eabi** toolchain. The OpenOCD package is used for 
flashing purpose.
<br>
Some additional packages may be needed, depending on selected build target 
and its requirements.

> **The VSCode devcontainer has these components pre-installed. Using 
the VSCode devcontainer is the recommended way to interact with ARM Mbed-OS 
port of the CHIP Project.**    
>    
> **Please read this [README.md](../../..//docs/VSCODE_DEVELOPMENT.md) for 
more information about using VSCode in container.**
To initialize development environment, download all registered sub-modules 
and activate development environment:
```
$ source ./scripts/bootstrap.sh    
$ source ./scripts/activate.sh
```
If packages are already installed then simply just activate development 
environment:
```
$ source ./scripts/activate.sh
```
<a name="building"></a>
## Building

The Lighting-app application can be built in the same way as any other CHIP 
example ported to mbed-os platform.
<br>
* **by using generic vscode task**:  
```

> Terminal => Run Task... => Run Mbed application => build => (example name) => (board name) => (build profile)`    

Reviewer: It's not the terminal it is the Command Palette accessible with `F1`. So maybe mention `Command Palette (F1)` instead of terminal.

Author: Done

```  
<br>

* **by calling explicitly building script:**
```

> ${HOME}/scripts/examples/mbed_example.sh -c build -a <example name> -b <board name> -p <build profile>

Reviewer: Please use `CHIP_ROOT` like bellow

Author: Done

```

> Both approaches are limited only to supported evaluation boards which are 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Both approaches are limited to supported evaluation boards which are 
```

Author: Done

listed in [Supported devices](#supported_devices) paragraph. 
<br>When using building script, it is possible expand its list of acceptable 

> targets which may be useful for rapid testing a new mbed-targets.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
targets which may be useful for rapid testing of a new mbed target.
```

Author: Done

<br><br>For more detailed description about porting mbed targets into the 
CHIP project, please read **[LINK HERE]**

<a name="flashing"></a>
## Flashing

The Lighting-app application can be flashed in the same way as any other CHIP 
example ported to mbed-os platform.
<br>
* **by using generic vscode task**: 
```

> Terminal => Run Task... -> Run Mbed application => flash => (example name) => (board name) => (build profile)

Reviewer: Same as above.

Author: Done

```

<a name="testing_cli"></a>
## Testing the example

Check the [**LINK HERE**] to learn how to use command-line interface 
of the application.

<a name="testing_chiptool"></a>
## Testing using CHIPTool

Read the
[**LINK HERE**] to see how to use 
[CHIPTool](../../../src/android/CHIPTool/README.md) for
Android smartphones to commission and control the application 
within a Wi-Fi network.

<a name="supported_devices"></a>
## Supported devices

The example supports building and running on the following mbed-enabled devices:

| Manufacturer | Hardware platform | Build target | Platform image | Status |
| ------------ | ----------------- | ------------ | -------------- | :----: |
| [Cypress<br> Semiconductor](https://www.cypress.com/) | [CY8CPROTO-062-4343W](https://os.mbed.com/platforms/CY8CPROTO-062-4343W/) | `CY8CPROTO_062_4343W` | <details><summary>CY8CPROTO-062-4343W</summary><img src="https://os.mbed.com/media/cache/platforms/p6_wifi-bt_proto.png.250x250_q85.jpg" alt="CY8CPROTO-062-4343W"/></details> | :heavy_check_mark: |

There is a plan to expend above list with new platforms within mbed-os ecosystem.

<a name="notes"></a>
#### Notes

> * More details and guidelines about porting new hardware into the CHIP project withing mbed-os platform can be found in **[LINK HERE]**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* More details and guidelines about porting new hardware into the CHIP project with mbed-os can be found at **[LINK HERE]**
```

* Some useful information about HW platform specific settings can be found in `lighting-app/mbed/mbed_app.json`.    

> Information about this file syntax and its meaning in project building can be found here: [Mbed-Os configuration system](https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-os/v6.12/program-setup/advanced-configuration.html))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Information about this file syntax and its meaning in mbed-os project can be found here: [Mbed-Os configuration system](https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-os/v6.12/program-setup/advanced-configuration.html))
```

Author: Done

> ProTip! Use n and p to navigate between commits in a pull request.

Reviewer: How is it relevant to the lighting app.

Author: Removed

> # CHIP ARM-MbedOS  Lighting Example Application

Reviewer 2: Missing 'MbedOS logo' - it would be a good idea to use the same style for all README files across one platform.

Author: done

The example supports building and running on the following mbed-enabled devices:

| Manufacturer | Hardware platform | Build target | Platform image | Status |
| ------------ | ----------------- | ------------ | -------------- | :----: |
| [Cypress<br> Semiconductor](https://www.cypress.com/) | [CY8CPROTO-062-4343W](https://os.mbed.com/platforms/CY8CPROTO-062-4343W/) | `CY8CPROTO_062_4343W` | <details><summary>CY8CPROTO-062-4343W</summary><img src="https://os.mbed.com/media/cache/platforms/p6_wifi-bt_proto.png.250x250_q85.jpg" alt="CY8CPROTO-062-4343W"/></details> | :heavy_check_mark: |

There is a plan to expend above list with new platforms within mbed-os ecosystem.

<a name="notes"></a>
#### Notes

* More details and guidelines about porting new hardware into the CHIP project with mbed-os can be found in **[LINK HERE]**
* Some useful information about HW platform specific settings can be found in `lighting-app/mbed/mbed_app.json`.    
Information about this file syntax and its meaning in mbed-os project can be found here: [Mbed-Os configuration system](https://os.mbed.com/docs/mbed-os/v6.12/program-setup/advanced-configuration.html))

 <hr>
<a name="device_ui"></a>

> # Device UI

Reviewer 2: This header is not rendered properly.

Reviewer: It is rendered properly now I believe,

This section lists the User Interface elements that you can use to control and
monitor the state of the device. These correspond to PCB components on the
platform image.

> ** USER LED ** shows the overall state of the device and its connectivity. The

Reviewer 2: This bold text is not rendered properly

Author: done

following states are possible:

-   _Short Flash On (50 ms on/950 ms off)_ &mdash; The device is in the
    unprovisioned (unpaired) state and is waiting for a commissioning
    application to connect.

-   _Rapid Even Flashing (100 ms on/100 ms off)_ &mdash; The device is in the
    unprovisioned state and a commissioning application is connected through
    Bluetooth LE.

-   _Short Flash Off (950ms on/50ms off)_ &mdash; The device is fully
    provisioned, but does not yet have full network or service
    connectivity.

-   _Solid On_ &mdash; The device is fully provisioned and has full
    network and service connectivity.

**Lighting LED** simulates the light bulb and shows the state of the lighting. The
following states are possible:

-   _Solid On_ &mdash; The light bulb is on.

-   _Off_ &mdash; The light bulb is off.

-   _PWM_ &mdash; The light bulb is dimmed according to PWM.

This led is not present on the target board but it can be connected to P9_6 pin.

> ** Capacitive Button 0** can be used for the following purposes:

Reviewer 2: This bold text is not rendered properly.

Author: done
